[pwa] Create page of pwa-builder links to demos and components, pwa-l… (#1432)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/pwa-links.md

---
description: This page describes Progressive Web App Builder demos and components with links.
title: Progressive Web App Builder demos and components
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 09/7/2021
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: progressive web apps, PWA, Microsoft Edge, PWABuilder, PWA Builder, PWA Builder demos, PWA Builder components
---
# Progressive Web App Builder demos and components

This page provides links to Progressive Web App \(PWA\) Builder demos and components.

## Demos

> [Background Fetch API][pwaBackgroundFetchAPI] - Enables your web app to fetch large content videos, podcasts, and so on, in the background. Fetch works even when your PWA isn't open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Background Fetch API][pwaBackgroundFetchAPI] - Enables your web app to fetch large content such as videos and podcasts in the background. The `Fetch` API works even when your PWA isn't open.
```

[Low-latency canvas API][pwaLowLatencyCanvasAPI] - Tells the canvas to skip most of the rendering pipeline in the browser to get pixels on screen with minimal latency.

[Native File System API][pwaNativeFileSystemAPI] - Allows you to read and write files just like a native app.

[Periodic Background Sync API][pwaPeriodicBackgroundSyncAPI] - Allows your app to sync with your server in the background, ensuring your data is always fresh.

> [Picture-in-Picture API][pwaPictureInPictureAPI] - Creates a floating always-on-top element to display video sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Picture-in-Picture API][pwaPictureInPictureAPI] - Creates a floating, always-on-top element to display video sources.
```

[Screen Capture API][pwaScreenCaptureAPI] - Allows the user to grant you a media stream of their screen.

[Share Target API][pwaShareTargetAPI] - Allows you to register your PWA as a share target to receive shared content.

[Wake Lock API][pwaWakeLockAPI] - Allows your PWA to keep the screen awake on a device.

[Web Near-Field Communication API][pwaWebNFCAPI] - Allows you to interact with Near-Field Communication (NFC) tags.

[Web Share API][pwaWebShareAPI] - Allows you to share URLs and files using the native share UI.

[Web Shortcuts API][pwaWebShortcutsAPI] - Allows you to create a list of shortcuts, or *jumplists*, for your PWA.

## Components

[2D inking on the web][pwa2DInking] - In 2 lines of code add fast, low latency inking canvas with an optional toolbar.

> [Agenda Graph Component][pwaAgendaGraphComponent] - Returns calendar events for the signed in user from the Microsoft Graph API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Agenda Graph Component][pwaAgendaGraphComponent] - Returns calendar events for the signed-in user from the Microsoft Graph API.
```

> [Graph Login Component][pwaGraphLoginComponent] - A button and flyout control to facilitate Microsoft identity platform authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Graph Login Component][pwaGraphLoginComponent] - A button and flyout control to support Microsoft identity platform authentication.
```
Acrolinx would probably flag "facilitate".

> 

Reviewer: Run Acrolinx on this .md file.

Author: Wonder why I didn't? Fixing

[Install your PWA][pwaInstallYourPWA] - Gives users a button to install your PWA directly from the browser.

> [People Graph Component][pwaPeopleGraphComponent] - Returns the Contacts for the signed in user from the Microsoft Graph API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[People Graph Component][pwaPeopleGraphComponent] - Returns the Contacts for the signed-in user from the Microsoft Graph API.
```

> [People Picker Graph Component][pwaPeoplePickerGraphComponent] - Enables the user to view, add, or remove people objects from a dynamic drop-down list as they type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[People Picker Graph Component][pwaPeoplePickerGraphComponent] - Enables the user to view, add, or remove **People** objects from a dynamic drop-down list as they type.
```
not sure, needs attention

> [Sign in with Microsoft, Google, or Facebook][pwaSignIn] - Lets your users sign-in using their Microsoft, Google, or Facebook account using `pwa-auth`. Your app receives their email address, name, and profile picture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sign in with Microsoft, Google, or Facebook][pwaSignIn] - Lets your users sign-in through their Microsoft, Google, or Facebook account by using `pwa-auth`. Your app receives the user's email address, name, and profile picture.
```

> [Tasks Graph Component][pwaTasksGraphComponent] - Returns the tasks for the signed in user from the Microsoft Graph API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tasks Graph Component][pwaTasksGraphComponent] - Returns the tasks for the signed-in user from the Microsoft Graph API.
```
